Add text about RFC6973 to intro (#52)
intarchboard/draft-obliviousness: draft-iab-privacy-partitioning.md

privacy partitioning helps ensure that user privacy violations becomes more technically difficult
to achieve over time.

> RFC6973 already discusses the use of identity management systems for data minimization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{?RFC6973}} already discusses data minimization, especially in the context of
user identity and identity management systems.
```

> RFC6973 already discusses the use of identity management systems for data minimization.

Author: ```suggestion
RFC6973 discusses the use of identity management systems for data minimization.
```

In these systems usually an identify provider issues credentials that can be used to access a
service without revealing the user's identity by relying on the authentication assertion from
the identity provider (see {{Section 6.1.4 of RFC6973}}). This describes a specific form of

> privacy partitioning, simlarly as used for privacy pass (see Section {{privacypass}}).

Reviewer: I'm not sure this identity provider detail belongs in our intro? I think it is different than the privacy pass approach — the RFC6973 text seems to be more about only collecting what you need for an account, etc.

> Privacy partitioning as defined in this document is broader by considering different deployment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Privacy partitioning as defined in this document goes further, to consider different deployment
```

work in those groups and describes a framework for reasoning about the resulting privacy posture of different
endpoints in practice.

{{?RFC6973}} discusses data minimization, especially in the context of
user identity and identity management systems.
In these systems usually an identify provider issues credentials that can be used to access a
service without revealing the user's identity by relying on the authentication assertion from
the identity provider (see {{Section 6.1.4 of RFC6973}}). This describes a specific form of

> privacy partitioning, simlarly as used for privacy pass (see Section {{privacypass}}).

Author: ```suggestion
privacy partitioning, similar as used for privacy pass (see Section {{privacypass}}).
```

Privacy partitioning as defined in this document goes further, to consider different deployment

> models that can create multiple contexts where data is miminized in each context.

Author: ```suggestion
models that can create multiple contexts where data is minimized in each context.
```
